README.md, before:

# Home Library Service

## Prerequisites

- Git - [Download & Install Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads).
- Node.js - [Download & Install Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) and the npm package manager.
- Docker - [Download & Install Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started/)

## Downloading

```
git clone {repository URL}
```

## Installing NPM modules

```
npm install
```

## Running application

You can start project by using the following command:

```
npm run start:dev
```

After starting the app on port (4000 as default) you can open
in your browser OpenAPI documentation by typing http://localhost:4000/doc/.
For more information about OpenAPI/Swagger please visit https://swagger.io/.

Make sure that nothing is running on port 5432 of your machine. To start the postgres container, open a new terminal window and run the following command in the main folder of your project:

```
docker-compose up
```

## Testing

After application running open new terminal and enter:

To run all tests without authorization

```
npm run test
```

To run only one of all test suites

```
npm run test -- <path to suite>
```

To run all test with authorization

```
npm run test:auth
```

To run only specific test suite with authorization

```
npm run test:auth -- <path to suite>
```

### Auto-fix and format

```
npm run lint
```

```
npm run format
```

### Debugging in VSCode

Press <kbd>F5</kbd> to debug.

For more information, visit: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/debugging

Commit message:

feat: connect app with database

README.md, after:

# Home Library Service

## Prerequisites

- Git - [Download & Install Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads).
- Node.js - [Download & Install Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) and the npm package manager.
- Docker - [Download & Install Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started/)

## Downloading

```
git clone {repository URL}
```

## Installing NPM modules

```
npm install
```

## Running application

You can start project by using the following command:

```
npm run start:dev
```

After starting the app on port (4000 as default) you can open
in your browser OpenAPI documentation by typing http://localhost:4000/doc/.
For more information about OpenAPI/Swagger please visit https://swagger.io/.

Make sure that nothing is running on port 5432 of your machine. To start the postgres container, open a new terminal window and run the following command in the main folder of your project:

```
docker-compose up
```

Run migrations to create the actual tables in the database. To generate and execute your first migration, run the following command in the terminal:

```
npx prisma migrate dev --name "init"
```

## Testing

After application running open new terminal and enter:

To run all tests without authorization

```
npm run test
```

To run only one of all test suites

```
npm run test -- <path to suite>
```

To run all test with authorization

```
npm run test:auth
```

To run only specific test suite with authorization

```
npm run test:auth -- <path to suite>
```

### Auto-fix and format

```
npm run lint
```

```
npm run format
```

### Debugging in VSCode

Press <kbd>F5</kbd> to debug.

For more information, visit: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/debugging
